Update docker.md readme to note memory requirements (#9529)
apache/druid: docs/tutorials/docker.md

It takes a few seconds for all the Druid processes to fully start up. If you open the console immediately after starting the services, you may see some errors that you can safely ignore.

From here you can follow along with the [standard tutorials](./index.md#loading-data), or elaborate on your `docker-compose.yml` to add any additional external service dependencies as necessary.

## Docker Memory Requirements

> If you experience any processes crashing with a 137 error code you likely don't have enough memory allocated to Docker. 6gb may be a good place to start. 

Reviewer: This should fix the failing spellcheck test

```suggestion
If you experience any processes crashing with a 137 error code you likely don't have enough memory allocated to Docker. 6 GB may be a good place to start. 
```
